hello and welcome to aeronautics Academy
today we're going to be taking a close
look at the budget racer from
consolidated and overland the Mustang
gamma it's worth mentioning that the
limited edition Mustang omega is exactly
identical to the gamma except for its
paint job now the Mustang gamma comes in
at the top speed of 270 meters per
second as compared to the em-50 that is
10 meters per second slower and 30
meters per second slower than the 350
are the handling is similar to the 350
are however of the three I would say
it's probably the worst now this
combined with its 10 meter per second
slower speed results in a lap time of
about one minute nine seconds to 1
minute 10 seconds the lack of handling
on the gamma is due to its only having
six other direction of maneuvering
thrusters as compared to the eighth on
the m50 and the 12 under 350 are these
amna directional thrusters will actually
result in unintended ship movement when
calm when performing complex maneuvers
it's actually on this corner right here
when approaching it offline that you'll
sometimes knows your ship heading down
or up without your intended input while
there are a few points of the gamma that
lack when compared to the other racers
its field of view is first in class it's
also the most economical purchase coming
in at seventy dollars when you compare
that to the em-50 in the 350 are you're
saving about fifty dollars there when it
comes to modifications and updates this
will be an excellent ship to look at so
you'll see I finished with the Omega in
the bottom right hand corner at one
minute and nine seconds and thirty seven
hundredths of a second and the gamma in
one minute nine seconds and 5707 second
that concludes my initial analysis of
the Mustang race variants if you have
any questions or comments please leave a
note below I will also be doing another
boost video on the changes introduced in
arena commander or 1.0 as they relate to
racing and beyond that I will be doing
how-to videos on competitive racing now
that the social system has been fixed
and you can race with your friends
thanks for your time and i'll see you in
diverse